[bitnami/harbor]: redis sentinel support in harbor (#5586)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/harbor/README.md

| `redis.slave.persistence.enabled`         | Enable persistence for slave Redis<sup>TM</sup>                                                           | `true`      |
| `externalRedis.host`                      | Host of the external redis                                                                                | `localhost` |
| `externalRedis.port`                      | Port of the external redis                                                                                | `6379`      |

> | `externalRedis.sentinelEnabled`           | If external redis with sentinal is used, set it to `true`                                                 | `false`     |
> | `externalRedis.masterSet`                 | Name of sentinel masterSet if sentinel is used                                                            | `mymaster`  |
> | `externalRedis.sentinelHosts`             | Sentinel hosts and ports in the format <host_sentinal1>:<port_sentinel1>,<host_sentinal2>:<port_sentinel2>| `nil`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `externalRedis.sentinel.enabled`          | If external redis with sentinal is used, set it to `true`                                                 | `false`     |
| `externalRedis.sentinel.masterSet`        | Name of sentinel masterSet if sentinel is used                                                            | `mymaster`  |
| `externalRedis.sentinel.hosts`            | Sentinel hosts and ports in the format <host_sentinal1>:<port_sentinel1>,<host_sentinal2>:<port_sentinel2>| `nil`       |
```

Author: 👍
